[oneTBB] Add spec changes for std::invoke feature (#497)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneTBB/source/named_requirements/flow_graph/cpp17_asyn_node_body.rst

.. SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2019-2023 Intel Corporation
..
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0

==================
Cpp17AsyncNodeBody
==================
**[req.cpp17_async_node_body]**

> A type `Body` satisfies `Cpp17AsyncNodeBody` if it meets the following requirements:

Author: ```suggestion
The ``Body`` type  satisfies `Cpp17AsyncNodeBody` if it meets the following requirements:
```

> * The `CopyConstructible` requirements from [copyconstructible] ISO C++ Standard section

Author: ```suggestion
* The `CopyConstructible` requirements from the [copyconstructible] section of the ISO C++ Standard.
```

> * The `Destructible` requirements from [destructible] ISO C++ Standard section

Author: ```suggestion
* The `Destructible` requirements from the  [destructible] section of the ISO C++ Standard.
```

> * The `Callable` requirements from [func.wrap.func] ISO C++ Standard section for arguments types ``const Input&, GatewayType&`` and return the type ``void``

Author: ```suggestion
* The `Callable` requirements from the [func.wrap.func] section of the ISO C++ Standard for the ``const Input&, GatewayType&`` arguments types and returns the ``void`` type. 
```

>   where ``Input`` is the corresponding template argument of the ``async_node``. The ``GatewayType`` is the same as the ``gateway_type`` member type

Author: ```suggestion
Where ``Input`` is the corresponding template argument of the ``async_node``. The ``GatewayType`` is the same as the ``gateway_type`` member type
```

  of the ``async_type``.

> Considering ``body`` to be an object of type ``Body``, ``v`` to be an object of type ``const Value&`` and ``gateway`` be an object of type ``GatewayType&``

Author: ```suggestion
Considering:
* The ``body`` to be an object of the ``Body`` type 
* The ``v`` to be an object of the ``const Value&`` type
* The ``gateway`` to be an object of the ``GatewayType&`` type 
```

> applying ``std::invoke(body, v, gateway)`` submits the value ``v`` to the external activity.

Author: ```suggestion
applying ``std::invoke(body, v, gateway)`` submits the ``v`` value to the external activity.
```

The :doc:`gateway interface <gateway_type>` allows the external activity to communicate
with the enclosing flow graph.

> **_NOTE:_**  It allows to pass pointer-to-function of the class ``Input`` as a body of ``async_node``.

Author: ```suggestion
**_NOTE:_**  You can pass a pointer-to-function of the class  as a body of ``async_node``.
```
